[connector/signaltometrics] Add readme and update metadata with git repo (#185)
elastic/opentelemetry-collector-components: connector/signaltometricsconnector/README.md

[alpha]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#alpha

## Supported Pipeline Types

| [Exporter Pipeline Type] | [Receiver Pipeline Type] | [Stability Level] |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------ | ----------------- |
| traces | metrics | [alpha] |
| logs | metrics | [alpha] |
| metrics | metrics | [alpha] |

[Exporter Pipeline Type]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/connector/README.md#exporter-pipeline-type
[Receiver Pipeline Type]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/connector/README.md#receiver-pipeline-type
[Stability Level]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#stability-levels
<!-- end autogenerated section -->

## Configuration

The component requires a configuration section to work. The component can produce

> metrics from spans, datapoints (for metrics), and logs. Atleast one of the metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metrics from spans, datapoints (for metrics), and logs. At least one of the metrics
```

no attributes are specified for `include_resource_attributes` then no filtering is
performed i.e. all resource attributes of the incoming data is considered.

```yaml
include_resource_attributes:
  - key: resource.foo # Include resource.foo attribute if present
  - key: resource.bar # Always include resource.bar attribute, default to bar
    default_value: bar
```

With the above configuration the produced metrics would only have the couple of
resource attributes specified in the list:

- `resource.foo` will be present for the produced metrics if the incoming data also
  has the attribute defined.
- `resource.bar` will always be present because of the `default_value`. If the incoming
  data does not have a resource attribute with name `resource.bar` then the configured
  `default_value` of `bar` will be used.

### Single writer

Metrics data streams MUST obey [single-writer](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/metrics/data-model/#single-writer) principal. However,
since `signaltometrics` component produces metrics from all signal types and also
allows customizing the resource attributes, there is a possibility of violating the

> single-writer principal. To keep the single-writer principal entact, the component adds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
single-writer principal. To keep the single-writer principle entact, the component adds
```

> single-writer principal. To keep the single-writer principal entact, the component adds

Author: Lol principal 🤦 .

> enact? intact?
I meant `intact`, fixed.
